rap_theme	description	possible_lines
Chicago	"I'm looking for a rap about Chicago. Chicago has a lot of things like the Willis Tower, the tallest building in the united states, the chicago cubs, a baseball team who hasn't won the world series in over 100 years. It is known as the Windy City. Idk, I just need something I can rap about to my friends."	chicago linda cidade o mais alto e cichago
Chicago	"I'm looking for a rap about Chicago. Chicago has a lot of things like the Willis Tower, the tallest building in the united states, the chicago cubs, a baseball team who hasn't won the world series in over 100 years. It is known as the Windy City. Idk, I just need something I can rap about to my friends."	"Toned, tan, fit and ready. Turn it up 'cause it's gettin' heavy. Wild Wild West Coast. These are the girls I love the most."
Chicago	"I'm looking for a rap about Chicago. Chicago has a lot of things like the Willis Tower, the tallest building in the united states, the chicago cubs, a baseball team who hasn't won the world series in over 100 years. It is known as the Windy City. Idk, I just need something I can rap about to my friends."	the tallest building in the united state
Chicago	"I'm looking for a rap about Chicago. Chicago has a lot of things like the Willis Tower, the tallest building in the united states, the chicago cubs, a baseball team who hasn't won the world series in over 100 years. It is known as the Windy City. Idk, I just need something I can rap about to my friends."	"Chicago rap is like a set up, a lot of games, a lot of babes with colorful names"
Chicago	"I'm looking for a rap about Chicago. Chicago has a lot of things like the Willis Tower, the tallest building in the united states, the chicago cubs, a baseball team who hasn't won the world series in over 100 years. It is known as the Windy City. Idk, I just need something I can rap about to my friends."	Chicago yea yea my city my love
Chicago	"I'm looking for a rap about Chicago. Chicago has a lot of things like the Willis Tower, the tallest building in the united states, the chicago cubs, a baseball team who hasn't won the world series in over 100 years. It is known as the Windy City. Idk, I just need something I can rap about to my friends."	I don;t know how to rap
Chicago	"I'm looking for a rap about Chicago. Chicago has a lot of things like the Willis Tower, the tallest building in the united states, the chicago cubs, a baseball team who hasn't won the world series in over 100 years. It is known as the Windy City. Idk, I just need something I can rap about to my friends."	May I have your attention please?
